it's an amazing song just kind of
happened
took about ten minutes I guess Bart you
didn't write this song in ten minutes
took a lifetime how'd you do this you
know I've never told anybody in my story
when I was 11 years old life was tough
he's gone she don't want me no more she
don't want you neither and I've always
loved music
and I found some songs but I just I held
on to they gave me hope
let's see me that can't be his real
voice cuz I've needed it yeah I can do
this no you can't and you're gonna blink
your eyes and you're gonna realize that
life has gotten you nowhere because you
chase some stupid dream believing yeah I
want you to know that I pray for you all
the time but I hope that you find
whatever it is that you're looking for
out there - what are you running from my
dad then write about it let that pain
become your inspiration
I had some stuff with any sort out and I
deal with it the only way I know how and
that's to write a song
[Music]
you hungry set the table what is this I
want to make things right you and me
my dad was a monster and I saw God
transform him
you have a gift yup you
I didn't think that God could do that
so I wrote this song for my dad
[Applause]
[Music]